Fixed deep-linking issues caused by merge into master (#22)
googleinterns/step54-2020: custom-routes-vis/README.md

2. Deploy to custom-routes-visualization.appspot.com with
`mvn clean package appengine:deploy`

> Set the environment variable by running `export DIRECTIONS_API_KEY=apiKey` in the terminal before deploying project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before running: Run `export DIRECTIONS_API_KEY=apiKey` in the terminal to set the environment variable.

Before deploying: Change line 50 of GetDirectionsServlet.java to set the actual Directions API key in the code, because the environment variable cannot be accessed in the deployed version. Change it back before pushing to git.
```

2. Deploy to custom-routes-visualization.appspot.com with
`mvn clean package appengine:deploy`

Before running: Run `export DIRECTIONS_API_KEY=apiKey` in the terminal to set the environment variable.

> Before deploying: Change line 50 of GetDirectionsServlet.java to set the actual Directions API key in the code, because the environment variable cannot be accessed in the deployed version. Change it back before pushing to git.

Reviewer 2: You might want to wrap this so lines aren't too long.
